---
icon: lucide/rocket
---

<style>
  /* This page starts at 1 */
  .md-typeset {
    counter-reset: h1-count 0 !important; 
  }

  /* This specific page sidebar starts at 1 */
  .md-nav--primary {
    counter-reset: toc1 1 !important;
  }
</style>

# Content Originality


!!! warning
    * Coursework will be routinely checked for academic misconduct.
    * Copying might constitute plagiarism.
    * All submissions may be checked by TurnItIn for instances of copying and collusion.
    * Your submission must be in your own words. Where you have quoted text from another source this must be clearly indicated and referenced.
    * Please read the Student Handbook to ensure that you know what this means!


## Statement of Originality

I confirm that the submitted work is my own work. No element has been previously submitted for assessment, or where it has, it has been correctly referenced. **I have clearly identified and fully acknowledged all material that should be attributed to others** (whether published or unpublished, and **including any content generated by a deep learning/artificial intelligence tool**, and have also included their source references where relevant) using the referencing system required by my course or in this specific assignment.

I agree that the University may submit my work to means of checking this, such as the plagiarism detection service Turnitin® UK and the Turnitin® Authorship Investigate service. I confirm that I understand that assessed work that has been shown to have been plagiarised will be penalised.

## Statement on AI Use

!!! note
    Complete a statement on how you used AI including what you did not use AI for.
