

<!-- 
# Copyright (c) 2025-2026 Mark Buckwell and contributors
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
# All contributions are certified under the DCO
-->

<style>
  /* Reset the page and sidebar to start at 1 */
  .md-typeset { counter-reset: h1-count 0 !important; }
  .md-nav--primary { counter-reset: toc1 1 !important; }
  /* Also change the numbering of the overall ti number in the sidebar by editing zensical.toml */
</style>

# Originality & AI Use



::: {.admonition .warning}
::: {.admonition-title}
Warning
:::

* Coursework will be routinely checked for academic misconduct.
* Copying might constitute plagiarism.
* TurnItIn will check all submissions for instances of copying and collusion.
* Your submission must be in your own words. Where you have quoted text from another source this must be clearly indicated and referenced.
* Complete the statement on AI Use to show how you uses AI to enhance your work.
* Please read the Student Handbook to ensure you know what this means!



:::

## Statement of originality

I confirm that the submitted work is my own work. No element has been previously submitted for assessment, or where it has, it has been correctly referenced. **I have clearly identified and fully acknowledged all material that should be attributed to others** (whether published or unpublished, and **including any content generated by a deep learning/artificial intelligence tool**, and have also included their source references where relevant) using the referencing system required by my course or in this specific assignment.

I agree that the University may submit my work to means of checking this, such as the plagiarism detection service Turnitin® UK and the Turnitin® Authorship Investigate service. I confirm that I understand that assessed work that has been shown to have been plagiarised will be penalised.

## Statement on AI use


::: {.admonition .note}
::: {.admonition-title}
Note
:::

Complete a statement on how you used AI including what you didn't use AI for. Below is an example of the detail required. You should include the tool used, how it was used, the prompts you used and a justification for its use. You should also include a statement on what you didn't use AI for.



:::

| Tool Used | Explain How Used | List Prompts | Justify Use |
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
|  Gemini AI 3.5 | Used to generate a list of actors for the system context diagram. | 1. List actors for interfaces to an internet store.<br> 2. Add those business and IT actors that support the application, infrastructure and cybersecurity. <br>3. Add the following list of actors: actor1, actor2, actor3. | Used to identify a comprehensive list of actors and reduce the risk of missing actors. |
| Gemini AI 3.5 | Identify a typical interface for a payment system.  | 1. What sort of protocol and technology for the interface to the Visa payments system.  | Used to identify the payment gateway system actor interfaces to a system. |
|   |   |   |   |
|   |   |   |   |
|  Gemini AI | Improve explanations in the coursework. | 1. Improve the following description to make clearer in no more than two sentences:  *<paragraph\>* | Used to make the discussion clearer.  |
| Quillbot | Improve overall grammar and writing style as I edit a complex paragraphs. | No prompts - I put into the grammar checker and sometimes use the Improve function. | Used to improve my grammar and writing style as I edit each paragraph. |